Update strict-mode.md (#3426)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/strict-mode.md

By intentionally double-invoking methods like the component constructor, strict mode makes patterns like this easier to spot.

> Note:
>

> > Currently, React automatically modifies the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Starting with React 17, React automatically modifies the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).
```

> > Currently, React automatically [modifies](https://github.com/facebook/react/pull/18547) the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases, where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Currently, React automatically modifies the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases, where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).
```

The implementation isn't important for documentation as far as I can tell. It may even be misleading in case code moves around.

```suggestion
> Currently, React automatically modifies the console methods like `console.log()` to silence the logs in the second call to lifecycle functions. However, it may cause undesired behavior in certain cases where [a workaround can be used](https://github.com/facebook/react/issues/20090#issuecomment-715927125).
```
Not sure about that comma. Seems off to me but if you're sure then keep it.
